scroll-snap-type: clarification (#36367)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/scroll-snap-type/index.md

{{CSSRef}}

> The **`scroll-snap-type`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property is set on a {{glossary("scroll container")}}, opting it into scroll snapping by setting the direction and strictness of snap point enforcement within the [snap port](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Scroll_snap#snapport).

Reviewer: The link text should be scroll port, and the URL should be https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Scroll_container#scrollport, right?

Author: there's a new glossary coming out soon. https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/36300

{{EmbedInteractiveExample("pages/css/scroll-snap-type.html")}}

> If content in a snap port changes, for example, if content is added, moved, deleted, or resized, the scroll container will snap, re-snapping to the previous snapped content if that content is still present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the content in the scroll port changes — for example, if content is added, moved, deleted, or resized — the scroll container will re-snap to the previously snapped content if that content is still present.
```

#### HTML

```html

> <main>

Reviewer: The HTML and CSS is much cleaner now. I do wonder about the value of having 4 vertical examples — LTR/RTL has basically no effect on vertical scrollers, except to make the scrollbar appear on the other side of the container. Is this worth demonstrating? I wonder whether people will be confused and think that there is something more to it.

Instead, would it be a bit more intuitive to show the 4 horizontal examples first, and then just show two vertical examples labeled "Y Mand." and "Y Prox."?

I'm not 100% sure about this; whatever you decide is good.

Author: i'll shrink it in a next PR. I'll be revisiting all these pages after https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/36300 is merged
